hi guys are
so today I am going to show you how to
make chicken pierogi
okay I have here two boneless skinless
chicken breasts thinly cut and then
there are six ingredients there this is
garlic and you'll need one tablespoon of
that and then here is black pepper and
you need 1/2 teaspoon of that and then
here is sugar and you need two
tablespoons of that this is sesame seeds
and you need one tablespoon of that and
then sesame seed oil and you need about
two tablespoons of that and then here is
a fourth of a cup of soy sauce okay so
I'm just going to put everything into
this bowl have garlic
black pepper sugar sesame seeds
sesame seed oil
and soy sauce and you're just going to
mix everything
all right so that's mixed okay so what
you're going to do is you're going to
put saran wrap on top and you're going
to cover it with it and then you're
going to marinate it in the fridge for a
couple of hours and then once you're
ready you just fry it and serve it and
this will serve about two to three
people and you can serve it with rice
and cucumber kimchi and you have a quick
easy and delicious Korean meal you can
learn how to make you can cucumber
kimchi in my next video
okay so alright guys that's it peace
you